DEVDOCS-3013: [update] GraphQL carts & checkout (#1940)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/customers/customer-login-api.mdx

In this tutorial, you will learn how to enable single sign-on for storefront customers using the Customer Login API and JSON Web Tokens.

<Callout type="info">

> You can also use the [GraphQL Storefront API](/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-storefront-api-overview#customer-login) to create a [Customer Impersonation Token](/docs/storefront-auth/tokens/customer-impersonation-token) for imitating customer requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the [GraphQL Storefront API](/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-storefront-api-overview#customer-login) to manage access to a shopper's account.
```
